# Fake-News-Detection
Our project focuses on applying various machine learning approaches and comparing         them to classify whether a news is true or false . After importing the data, plots will be  used to analyze it. The Techniques like RNN and Algorithms like LSTM are used. The accuracy of the model using Some of the Machine Learning algorithm will be  calculated. Then the one with a good accuracy is taken as the model for detecting the fake news .
Social media now gathers and shares news as well as providing a constant supply of fresh information on the internet every day. The function of news is to inform people about current events across the world. Social media as a source of collecting news is growing increasingly popular over conventional media, such as television, radio, and

newspapers, due to a number of factors. There are a variety of reasons for this. One is because it is simple to access, which results in reduced costs and less time required to get news. The more outrageous the story, the more likely it is to become viral on social media, which increases the likelihood of its being false news. Social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram open up new facilities with some obstacles like bogus news being shared, and plenty of social bots
Fake news is deception or rumor provided to the people as if it were real information with the goal of influencing people's thinking and molding public opinion into political action, and fake news publications have often found ways to earn money online through their misinformation. Fraudulent news can dupe the public by seeming similar to legitimate websites or utilizing identical URLs to reputable news outlets. 
. In order to stop the spread of false news, it was important to design ways to detect it. The work introduced and also applied a machine learning approaches which is Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM). And we got the best accuracy on in this model
